feat: allow to prepend a path to app endpoints (#532)
eHealthAfrica/aether: README.md

of the most common ones with non default values. For more info take a look at the file
[docker-compose-base.yml](docker-compose-base.yml).

#### Generic

- `ADMIN_USERNAME`: `admin` The setup scripts create an initial admin user for the app.
- `ADMIN_PASSWORD`: `secresecret`.
- `ADMIN_TOKEN`: `admin_user_auth_token` Used to connect from other modules.
- `APP_LINK`: `http://aether.ehealthafrica.org`. The link that appears in the DRF web pages.
- `APP_NAME`: `aether`. The app name displayed in the web pages.
- `APP_URL`, `/`. The app url in the server.

>   If host is `http://my-server.org` and the app url is `/my-dev-instance`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If host is `http://my-server.org` and the app url is `/my-module`,
```
(for consistency with line 113)

>   the app enpoints will be accessible at `http://my-server.org/my-dev-instance/...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the app enpoints will be accessible at `http://my-server.org/my-module/...`.
```

>   The local behavior is: `http://my-module.aether.local/`.

Reviewer: But - just to be clear - if this is set as in the example, it will also (only?) be accessible at `http://aether.local/my-module/`, right?

Author: I added a longer paragraph with a better explanation :nerd_face:

*[Return to TOC](#table-of-contents)*

#### uWSGI

The uWSGI server is responsible for loading our Django applications using
the WSGI interface in production.

We have a couple of environment variables to tune it up:

> - `UWSGI_PROCESSES`, Indicates the number of processes.

Reviewer: Is there a default value for this?

Author: right! included!

- `UWSGI_STATIC` Indicates if uWSGI also serves the static content.
  Is `false` if unset or set to empty string, anything else is considered `true`.

> - `UWSGI_THREADS` Indicates the number of threads.

Reviewer: Ditto

Author: ditto too
